Insert demo video of weather forecasting app (#707)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/docs/weather_forecasting.rst

###################
Weather Forecasting
###################

Learn how to build an online weather forecasting system that updates a model daily and displays hourly forecasts on a web UI, using Pandera and Streamlit. 

> The video below breifly shows how the Weather Forecasting app is made, a few launch plans, and a Streamlit demo. Find the complete video, `Case Study: Building a Weather Forecasting App Using Flyte and Streamlit <https://youtu.be/c-X1u42uK-g>`_ on YouTube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The video below briefly shows how the Weather Forecasting app is made, and a Streamlit demo. Find the complete video, `Case Study: Building a Weather Forecasting App Using Flyte and Streamlit <https://youtu.be/c-X1u42uK-g>`_ on YouTube.
```

Reviewer: I don't think that needs to be specified, but up to you.

Author: Ok thanks.
